Screenshot Updates - Rachel - Day 1 (#9506)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/html_editor/css_inline.md

> You can control whether CSS inlining is turned on or off for any email message by selecting a checkbox in the **Sending Info** tab of the HTML editor.

Reviewer: Looks like the UI changed here! 
```suggestion
You can control whether CSS inlining is turned on or off for any email message using the **Enable inline CSS** toggle in the **Sending Info** tab of the HTML editor.
```
